---
layout:   post
title:   Urban Modification in a Mesoscale Model and the Effects on the Local Circulation in the Pearl River Delta Region
subtitle: 文献阅读  
date:   2018-11-15
author:     tttchy   #写文章的作者是谁
catalog:    ture
tags:    
      SBS
      UHI  
      MMT
      PRD
      urbanization
---


文献发表于2007年

## Abstract
The Pearl River Delta (PRD) region, located in the southern part of Guangdong Province in China, is one  of the most rapidly developing regions in the world. The evolution of local and regional sea-breeze circulation (SBC) is believed to be responsible for forming meteorological conditions for high air-pollution episodes in the PRD. To understand better the impacts of urbanization and its associated urban heat island (UHI) on the local- and regional-scale atmospheric circulations over PRD, a number of **high-resolution numerical experiments**, with different approaches to treat the land surface and urban processes, have been conducted using the fifth-generation Pennsylvania State University–National Center for Atmospheric Research Mesoscale Model (MM5). The results show that an **accurate urban land-use dataset** and a proper **urban land-use parameterization** are critical for the mesoscale model to capture the major features of the observed UHI effect and land–sea-breeze circulations in the PRD. Stronger UHI in the PRD increases the differential temperature gradient between urbanized areas and nearby ocean surface and hence enhances the mesoscale SBC. The SBC front consequently penetrates farther inland to overcome the prevailing easterly flow in the western part of inland Hong Kong. Additional **sensitivity studies** indicate that further industrial development and urbanization will strengthen the daytime SBC as well as increase the air temperature in the lowest 2 km of the atmosphere.

the UHI can increase cloudiness and precipitation in a city,reduction of visibility,a decrease of solar radiation

Because most of the urban areas are located near thecoast in the PRD, with calm winds or weak synoptic forcing where most severe air-pollution episodes occurred, sea-breeze circulation (SBC) as well as HIC can occur at the PRD

## 文章构架：
After the evaluation of model performances, **sensitivity experiments** were conducted for various urban coverage extensions to understand the potential effects of **rapid urban growth** on the local wind and temperature structures in the PRD. We present in section 2 the **numerical models and data used** in this study. Section 3 summarizes the results from numerical simulations using **three different urban land-use treatments** and their evaluation. In section 4, numerical experiments using **different scenarios of urban extension** are explored.

**The Noah LSM** has one canopy layer and four soil layers. The soil-layer thicknesses are 0.1, 0.3, 0.6, and 1.0 m from the ground surface to the bottom, with a total soil depth of 2 m.

The Noah LSM has recently been enhanced with a simple parameterization for urban land use (Liu et al.2006). It includes 
1) *increasing* the **roughness length** from 0.5 to 0.8 m to represent **turbulence** generated by roughness elements and drag from buildings, 
2) *reducing* surface albedo from 0.18 to 0.15 to represent the **shortwave radiation trapping** in the urban canyons,
3) using a larger volumetric **heat capacity** of 3.0*106 J m-3 K-1 for the urban surface (walls, roofs, and roads),which usually consists of concrete or asphalt materials, 
4) *increasing* the value of soil thermal conductivity to 3.24 W m-1 K-1 to parameterize **large heat storage** in the urban surface and underlying surfaces, and 
5) *reducing* the green **vegetation fraction and soil moisture** over the urban city to decrease evaporation. These urban land-use enhancements appear to have significant improvements for representing urban physical processes over Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (Liu et al.2006).






