---
layout:   post
title:   Trade-offs and responsiveness of the single-layer urban canopy parametrization in WRF
subtitle: 文献阅读  
date:   2018-11-17
author:     tttchy   #写文章的作者是谁
catalog:    ture
tags:    
      urban-parametrization-schemes
      urban-energy-balance 
      urban-canopy-models
      model-evaluation
      sensitivity-analysis
      parameter-optimization
---

文章发表于2010-4

## Abstract
For an increasing number of applications, mesoscale modelling systems now aim to better represent urban areas. The complexity of processes resolved by **urban parametrization schemes** varies with the application. The concept of fitness-forpurpose is therefore critical for both the choice of parametrizations and the way in which the scheme should be evaluated. A systematic and objective model response analysis procedure (Multiobjective Shuffled Complex Evolution Metropolis (MOSCEM) algorithm) is used to assess the fitness of the single-layer **urban canopy parametrization** implemented in the Weather Research and Forecasting (WRF) model. The scheme is evaluated regarding its ability to simulate observed **surface energy fluxes and the sensitivity** to input parameters. Recent amendments are described, focussing on features which improve its applicability to numerical weather prediction, such as a reduced and physically more meaningful list of input parameters. The study shows a high sensitivity of the scheme to parameters characterizing **roof properties** in contrast to a low response to **road-related ones**. Problems in partitioning of energy between **turbulent sensible and latent heat fluxes** are also emphasized. Some initial guidelines to prioritize efforts to obtain urban **land-cover class characteristics** in WRF are provided. 



 **a concern and a number of application-dependent components to consider in model evaluation can be linked to that concept:**
 
>• Firstly, there is consideration of the requirements of the model. The type and amount of input information on which the parametrization is based should enable a representation of the urban canopy features relevant for the application and yet be consistent with the data realistically procurable at the scale resolved. A similar compromise arises between the level of detail with which processes should be modelled (numerical resolution, scale of processes parametrized) and the cost in computing time.

>• Secondly, there is assessment of how the model performs relative to the changes in parameter values. In order to accurately represent the diversity of constraints that urban environments impose on the atmospheric flow, a significant model response to changes in its input is desirable. However, the degree of sensitivity to a particular input should be linked to the level of uncertainty inherent to its estimation at the grid scale: excessive sensitivity is to be avoided when input parameter values are not procurable with a matching accuracy.

>• Thirdly, there is performance of the model as compared to observations. To ensure that the evaluation procedure is relevant to the targeted application, measurement campaigns should be specifically designed to collect observations at a scale similar to the one resolved, while on the other hand model simulations need to be set up to reproduce the conditions during the campaign. Similarly, only an application-dependent set of statistics can provide an objective picture of the model’s performance.


**three categories can be listed (Masson, 2006):**    
(1) empirical models reproducing measured features of the urban energy balance using statistical approaches,     
(2) Land Surface Models (LSM) initially developed for vegetated surfaces and modified to account for the specificities of urban environments, and     
(3) Urban Canopy Models (UCM) which represent the next level of complexity and take into account the urban morphology. A further subdivision of categories (2) and (3) is introduced with regards to whether the schemes simulate the vertical stress distribution inside the urban canopy to account for a momentum drag on the atmospheric flow (multi-layer schemes, e.g. Martilli et al.,2002).
