---
layout:   post
title:   The role of city size and urban form in the surface urban heat island
subtitle: 文献阅读  
date:   2018-11-13
author:     tttchy   #写文章的作者是谁
catalog:    ture
tags:    
      Urban-form
      UHI 
      City-size
---

该文章发表于2017-7

## Abstract
 
Urban climate is determined by a variety of factors, whose knowledge can help to attenuate heat stress in the context of ongoing urbanization and climate change. We study the inﬂuence of city size and urban form on the Urban Heat Island (UHI) phenomenon in Europe and fnd a complex interplay between UHI intensity and city size, fractality, and anisometry. Due to correlations among these urban factors, interactions in the multi-linear regression need to be taken into account. We fnd that among the largest 5,000 cities, the UHI intensity increases with the logarithm of the city size and with the fractal dimension, but decreases with the logarithm of the anisometry. Typically, the size has the strongest inﬂuence, followed by the compactness, and the smallest is the inﬂuence of the degree to which the cities stretch. Accordingly, from the point of view of UHI alleviation, small, disperse, and stretched cities are preferable. However, such recommendations need to be balanced against e.g. positive agglomeration eﬀects of large cities. Therefore, trade-oﬀs must be made regarding local and global aims.

**Urban Heat Island(UHI)** is a commonly observed phenomenon worldwide, describing an elevated temperatureof urban areas compared to their surroundings
